>> Steve Kinney: It's time for
your mission.
Your mission is,
it would be cool in the window title
to display whether or
not the document has been edited.
So if isEdited is true,
we wanna add maybe edited, or
some applications just put a star
next to it, whatever you want.
Write something in the title
bar that signifies to
the user that the document
has in fact been edited.
As a bonus, if you'd like,
the Save File, Revert button,
we can probably enable them, right,
in the case that the file has been edited.
Cuz like cool, we've edited the file,
you're probably gonna wanna save it now,
right?
So we could enable those buttons for
when we wire them up, but
your main mission first is for set title.
We wanna show something in that
title that shows whether or
not the file has been edited.